# Headache_BEng  
As a name might imply, project i completed as a part of my BEng graduation work. Code (except for jQuery library obviously) is all mine. Assests are either created by me(poorly) or "provided" by opengameart.org under open source license.   
# Summary
The purpose of the project was to create a web browser based stealth action game. Modern(at the time) internet technologies were used to achieve that goal, such as  Hypertext Markup Language of 5th standard HTML5, Cascading Style Sheets of 3rd standard CSS3 and JavaScript programming language with JQuery library. Game engine that was created is capable of simulating a simple physical interactions, displaying 3d graphics and animations as well as  playing music and sound effects. The main problem that need to be resolved in the design process of the game itself was maximizing the efficient use of limited resources available for the tools. The Game has a systemic nature. What it means is that gameplay, at least in large part, is based on player using the interrelations between different mechanisms  influencing the game world. To achieve that, one of the major focuses of the design was modeling of intricate artificial intelligence algorithms, based on solutions used in major, commercial productions. Example of such are the usage of Raycasting for precise simulation of non player characters sight or creation of a tag system for the purpose of limiting  computational complexity of the reactions systems. After the game was finished, test were executed, based on adapted version of Systems Usability Scale. Received scores implied a satisfactory implementation of the initial project goals.   
